= has_addresses http://travis-ci.org/pluginaweek/has_addresses.png

+has_addresses+ demonstrates a reference implementation for handling countries,
regions, and addresses.

== Resources

API

* http://rdoc.info/github/pluginaweek/has_addresses/master/frames

Bugs

* http://github.com/pluginaweek/has_addresses/issues

Development

* http://github.com/pluginaweek/has_addresses

Testing

* http://travis-ci.org/pluginaweek/has_addresses

Source

* git://github.com/pluginaweek/has_addresses.git

Mailing List

* http://groups.google.com/group/pluginaweek-talk

== Description

Countries, regions, and addresses are all simple models whose data and
functionality should be able to be standardized across multiple applications.
has_addresses adds support for countries and regions based on the ISO 3166 and
ISO 3166-2 standard.  The data for these standards is obtained through the
open-source Debian package, iso-codes.

Along with the simple Country and Region models, addresses can be defined and
integrated based on the data in these models.  Addresses are minimalistic in
terms of the type of data required.

== Usage

Note that this is a reference implementation and, most likely, should be
modified for your own usage.

=== Installation

+has_addresses+ requires additional database tables to work.  You can generate
a migration for these tables like so:

  script/generate has_addresses

Then simply migrate your database:

  rake db:migrate

=== Example

  address = Address.new(
    :street_1 => '1600 Amphitheatre Parkway',
    :city => 'Mountain View',
    :region => 'US-CA',
    :postal_code => '94043'
  )
  address.single_line # => "1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California  94043, United States"

== Testing

Before you can run any tests, the following gem must be installed:
* plugin_test_helper[http://github.com/pluginaweek/plugin_test_helper]

To run against a specific version of Rails:

  rake test RAILS_FRAMEWORK_ROOT=/path/to/rails

== Dependencies

* Rails 2.3 or later
* enumerate_by[http://github.com/pluginaweek/enumerate_by] 0.4.1 or later
